That's all working.
Now I want to show you one Avernus thing.
You'll see that in the info component here we have a paragraph and we do have one end user component.
Let's go back to the thing I told you that the styling we add in the example user component or C is
as follows.
Or in the interval components here.
This file is scoped to that component.
It belongs to.
I can prove this.
I'll go to my user component file.
I'll add a paragraph styling here and I want to start my paragraph to be italic.
Now if I do this and I hit save you see my user name is Max is it Telic.
Because that's the user component.
Just edit the style.
Engler is pretty awesome.
It's not however and that's the difference to you.
There are scoped styles travelled down to the child in England they don't.
They really are simply scoped to the component.
They sit.
And so here to the user component and no advocate for that no child component no sibling component nothing
justice component and that is a nice way of working with styles and making sure that the style is only
applied to what you want to apply to.